Clinics treating HIV in rural Uganda cannot keep track of migrant workers who travel between clinics frequently. This is enough to discourage fisherman from maintaining treatment in Kalangala, Uganda's smallest district.
<br>
<br>
I reported on HIV in Uganda for a month as part of an internship with the Daily Monitor, Uganda's largest independent paper. 


Indiana University places blue light emergency beacons around campus for the safety of its students. The IDS found that this method was not very cost efficient and the light's location didn't correspond to areas with the most crime.
<br>
<br>

I wrote a script to scrape and parse pdfs from the Indiana University Police Department website. I then mapped the location of crimes against the blue lights. I'm currently working on a project to automate this story.  

Like the rest of the country, the opioid epidemic has hit Indiana hard. Despite advice from medical experts, the state overwhelmingly does not use medicine to treat addiction. Why does the state underused the most efficient treatment?
<br><br>
I created a series of graphics contextualizing the narrative and developed a custom website for the project. I also managed database reporting for the author.


A family of Syrian refugees react to hearing Governor Mike Pence declare Indiana will no longer welcome people like them. 
<br><br>
This was the first story made from a template I developed as digital editor. I oversaw the online presentation as I taught a print designer how to make a website.


As digital editor for the IDS, I noticed much of the staff had great ideas but didn't know where to start in front of a computer. I developed a template that allowed a designer with little to no experience copy-paste their way to a website. The project also served as the first official digital longform style guide for the paper.
<br><br>
I found making a tool for other tremendously rewarding. Watching the number of people with digital skills on our staff multiply made me feel as if I have given something back to a newsroom I love.




Assisted Indiana University Media School students with adobe creative suite and other software. Demonstrated how to operate camera equipment.


Reported on HIV across Uganda and created two stories, one for a local audience and another for an American one. Interviewed people living with the disorder, expert researchers, NGOS and government officials. 

Worked to create an automated program that maps all crimes on or near Indiana University's campus. Also analyzed data for general assignment on investigative desk 


Managed the Indiana Daily Student's digital presence and team. Oversaw a transition in which our team doubled and role in the newsroom multiplied. Wrote the first online features style guide and developed a template to train print designers in HTML/CSS. Ran social media and analytics. Worked with a contracted CMS to deal with bugs and request new editorial features.

Followed the men's basketball team from the preseason to the Sweet 16.


Produced graphics and multimedia for selected daily stories. Developed custom websites for feature stories. Created social media strategies and reported on Google analytics to the newsroom.

Designed multiple spreads for the Society of News Design Best of Design book.

Setup and designed a new Wordpress website for IUSTV. Trained staff how to edit the website.


Studied journalism and informatics and Indiana University 



<p>We should probably get this out of the way, if you call me with an offer I might respond by mimicking an airhorn. During the interview if you get me talking about something I like you might need me to slow down to understand every word. I'm an excitable person who is having a great time learning how to make better graphics.</p>



